well what we got here is a Ltd vintage
204 and at that instant is what it says
here in this block inlay here okay I was
wondering that whenever I was looking at
all the pictures oh so what do we got
here
PJ it's all passive P pick up J pick up
and then passive tone control okay you
know pre-made in all of these nice
imperfections in the body but there's no
there's no chips in the paint these are
all like it's painted on here so
everything is all smooth there's no
dings in the body or nothing it's like a
flat black semi-gloss type thing and
then like I said all these things are
just painted on here there's no there's
nothing nothing scratched up about it so
let's see the neck also has like you can
see how it's browned or blackened it's
like they did that with some oil or
something maybe motor oil or something
like that the tuners are decent they're
smooth they tune it accurately they hold
their pitch which is nice and something
I do want to do though is I want to take
the neck off and shim it up a little bit
so I get a little bit more adjustment
out of this neck oh I'm sorry out of
this bridge but other than that out of
the box and it sounds like this I think
it's really
it's really nice for you know for for an
inexpensive for an inexpensive base
it works you know made in Vietnam you
know my first Vietnamese bass
okay so let's go through these controls
here what we got here is the P pickup
control I'm going to turn down the Jay
pickup and turn down the tone control
and we'll see what it sounds like here
and now do the same with the Jay pickup
turn down the P pick up just the Jay
pickup okay and now I do the same thing
soloing two pickups with them on full
here's the sorry this is the P pick up
with the tone up all the way okay and
then so that's what it sounds like I'm
really starting to get used to it
that's off that's all the pickup so I
did business then
it seems to favor the sound of a more
bridging type tone boom and of course we
have two slaps so it's it's it's decent
you know it's not something I don't
prefer the slaps on this but the finger
sound is actually really cool
No you know for the price I paid for it
I don't think you can beat it really
it's just uh it's is very cool all right
oh I'm happy with it so good luck I'll
try it out for yourself see what you
think